Update FIP-0083 to incorporate changes to the Market Actor events and Sector Activation events as per FIP discussion (#897)
filecoin-project/FIPs: FIPS/fip-0083.md

The event payload is defined as:

| flags             | key            | value                       |
|-------------------|----------------|-----------------------------|
| Index Key + Value | “$type"        | "sector-activated" (string) |
| Index Key + Value | “sector”       | <SECTOR_NUMER> (int)        |

> | Index Key + Value | “unsealed_cid” | <SECTOR_COMMD> (cid)        |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| Index Key + Value | “unsealed-cid” | <SECTOR_COMMD> (cid)        |
```

The events emitted for these terminations will not be available to the client because they are 
emitted from a cron job.

Once [FIP-0076](https://github.com/filecoin-project/FIPs/blob/master/FIPS/fip-0076.md) is implemented,

> sectors can be activated with data that is not onboarded via f-05 Market Actor deals. This means that clients will 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
sectors can be activated with data that is not associated with a built-in market actor deal. This means that clients may 
```
